Bb chapter 1 (#689)
mlr-org/mlr3book: book/chapters/chapter1/introduction_and_overview.qmd

We will also demonstrate how to tune pipelines, including how to tune which operations should be included in the pipeline.
Finally, in @sec-preprocessing we will put pipelines into practice by demonstrating how to solve common problems that occur when fitting ML models to messy data.

**Part IV: Advanced Topics**<br>
In the final part of the book, we will look at advanced methodology and technical details.
This part of the book is more theory-heavy in some sections to help ground the design and implementation decisions.
We will begin by looking at advanced technical details in @sec-technical that are essential reading for advanced users who require parallelization, custom error handling, or large databases.
@sec-large-benchmarking will build on all preceding chapters to introduce large-scale benchmarking experiments that compare many models, tasks, and measures; including how to make use of `mlr3` extension packages for loading data, using high-performance computing clusters, and formal statistical analysis of benchmark experiments.

> @sec-interpretation will discuss different packages that are compatible with `mlr3` to provide model-agnostic interpretability regarding feature importances, evvect and local explainability of individual predictions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@sec-interpretation will discuss different packages that are compatible with `mlr3` to provide model-agnostic interpretability for feature importance and local explainability of individual predictions.
```

What is `evvect`?

## The `mlr3` Ecosystem

> Throughout this book, we often refer to `mlr3`, which does not refer to the single `r mlr3` base package but all the packages in our ecosystem.

Reviewer: But sometimes `mlr3` *does* refer to `r mlr3`

> Throughout this book, we often refer to `mlr3`, which does not refer to the single `r mlr3` base package but all the packages in our ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Throughout this book, we often refer to `mlr3`, which may refer to the single `r mlr3` base package but usually refers to all packages in our ecosystem, this should be clear from context.
```

The `r mlr3` *package* provides the base functionality that the rest of the ecosystem depends on for building more advanced machine learning tools.

> @fig-mlr3verse shows the packages in the `r mlr3verse` that extend `r mlr3` with capabilities for preprocessing, pipelining, visualizations, additional learners, additional task types, and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@fig-mlr3verse shows the packages in our ecosystem that extend `r mlr3` with capabilities for preprocessing, pipelining, visualizations, additional learners, additional task types, and much more.
```

The figure isn't {mlr3verse} but many more packages. We should avoid ever using mlr3verse unless we're talking about the package for installation

*   **Object-oriented programming**.
We embrace `r ref_pkg("R6")` for a clean, object-oriented design, object state changes, and reference semantics.
This means that the state of common objects (e.g. tasks (@sec-tasks) and learners (@sec-learners)) is encapsulated within the object, for example, to keep track of whether a model has been trained, without the user having to worry about this.
We also use inheritance to specialize objects, e.g. all learners are derived from a common base class that provides basic functionality.
*   **Tabular data**.
Embrace `r ref_pkg("data.table")` for its top-notch computational performance as well as tabular data as a structure that can be easily processed further.
*   **Unified tabular input and output data formats.**
This considerably simplifies the API and allows easy selection and "split-apply-combine" (aggregation) operations.
We combine `data.table` and `R6` to place references to non-atomic and compound objects in tables and make heavy use of list columns.
*   **Defensive programming and type safety**.
All user input is checked with `r ref_pkg("checkmate")` (@checkmate).

> We use `data.table`, which has behavior that is more consistent than some popular base R methods (e.g., indexing `data.frame`s when the `drop` argument is omitted).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `data.table`, which has behavior that is more consistent than several base R methods (e.g., indexing `data.frame`s simplifies the result when the `drop` argument is omitted).
```
